the team's start arriving already in the
early morning and after having unloaded
the means from the trailers all are
concentrated on the preparation of their
means before facing the official
scrutineering
at 11pm on the spot and as per the
schedule the teams take their marks in
the plaza of morcilla together with the
vice mayor who orders event by waving
the City Council flag
the competition immediately begins with
a road book that after various
kilometres of winding paths leads the
teams with inner stream they will have
to follow for a few kilometers
the various obstacles revealed to be
particularly difficult to overcome and
unfortunately a French driver breaks a
leg by slipping on a slippery rock but
he's promptly assisted by the many
doctors present on the track
to face the deep hole and avoid user
stresses to the mechanical paths many
teams collaborate and help each other
while braver teams like for example
number 212 and successfully try various
times on their own with their only
result of offering useless but
spectacular twist
hey we are surprised by rain we are told
that it hadn't rained for months and
finally rain perfect for the
cultivations less for me
you